in co-creating safe, respectful and collaborative work spaces. We aspire to generate a sense of belonging by understanding each and everyone’s differences, contexts and experiences. Through our actions, we ensure that the staff at the Foundation has a healthy work environment where they can flourish.
We trust our personal and organizational accountability
Work with us
Movement Affiliates
We’re hiring a Research Manager strongly committed to the principles of free knowledge, open source and open data, transparency, privacy, and collaboration to join the
Questions about the Wikimedia Foundation or our projects? Get in touch with our team.
Wikimedia
Finance and Administration
We envision
Disability & Life Insurance
Other
Research
Advancement
The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for a Senior Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) to join our team, reporting to the Director of Data Engineering. As an SRE on the Data Engineering team, you will be responsible for building, maintaining and operating the shared data infrastructure that empowers the use of data at the Foundation as well as the Wikimedia Movement. You will be part of a larger community of SREs where you’ll have plenty of space and opportunities to learn and get familiar with our tech.
Wellness Reimbursement Program
Participate
About
Accessibility statement
Except where otherwise noted, the content of this site is licensed under a
Senior Site Reliability Engineer
Learn more about our values
Site Reliability Engineer (Traffic)
Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Commitment
Research team
“) values your trust and is committed to the responsible management, use and protection of personal information. This Applicant Privacy Policy (“
CC BY-SA 3.0
Wikibooks
Projects
.
File provided by Wikimedia Commons
The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for a Creative Associate (Contract), reporting to the Lead Creative Strategist, to develop and execute creative strategies that will grow our revenue base and strengthen our relationship with our donors. This role will involve working with the Fundraising Content Team to develop compelling and engaging fundraising content across a variety of channels, including banner appeals on Wikipedia, email, social media, and web.
401(k) Retirement Plan
Legal
The Wikimedia Foundation (“
We have released two Diversity and Inclusion Reports (
United States Benefits and Perks
Wikimedia Thematic Organizations
Fully paid medical, dental, and vision insurance premiums for employees and their eligible families.
We welcome and cherish our differences.
Our diversity and inclusion path
Long and short term disability, life insurance (2x salary) and an employee assistance program.
Wikimedia User Groups
Follow
Senior Site Reliability Engineer – Wikimedia Enterprise
We acknowledge
and do not tolerate any form of discrimination. This enables us to attract, develop, and retain amazing talent.
Wikimedia Chapters
Contact us
Wikimedia Foundation is hiring a Senior Site Reliability Engineer (SRE) to join our Service Operations SRE team, where we take care of the infrastructure that runs wikipedia.org and other Wikimedia Foundation projects. The SRE team at Wikimedia is a distributed and diverse team of engineers with a drive to explore, experiment and embrace new technologies. The SRE Service Operations team focuses on the application layer of our complex infrastructure as well as our developer-facing services.
The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for a Senior Site Reliability Engineer to join our team, reporting to the Sr. Engineering Manager. As the Site Reliability Engineer, you will play a key role in designing, developing, and maintaining reliable, scalable, and highly available infrastructure for our API services.
,
Wikimedia Enterprise is hiring a Principal Product Manager to lead our product efforts for customers building solutions in the search, AI, and digital assistant spaces. In this role, you’ll drive strategy and execution for the Wikimedia Enterprise product offering and will define the Wikimedia Enterprise way of managing product development for the foreseeable future.
We are committed
Skip to content
diversity as a core value that is essential to fulfilling our mission.
to cherishing our differences, and putting people first. We seek to foster a creative environment that unleashes innovative solutions toward building  a more inclusive and equitable hiring and retention process. This commitment starts at the top of our organization and moves through every level of hiring from managers to individual contributors. We strive to ensure excellence in our work by building this path together.
Values
Principal Product Manager, Wikimedia Enterprise
Remote
We provide a total of 16 weeks of paid new parent leave, plus an additional 8 weeks of paid pregnancy leave.
Learn more about our
Wikidata
As a nonprofit, Wikipedia and our related free knowledge projects are powered primarily through donations.
Professional Development Program
Creative Associate, Online Fundraising (Contract)
Health Care Benefits
Art+Feminism Wikipedia edit-a-thon
Jens Mohr
News
Contact
Research Manager
Instagram
Senior Site Reliability Engineer (Database)
Facebook
If you are a qualified applicant requiring assistance or an accommodation to complete any step of the application process due to a disability, you may contact us at recruiting@wikimedia.org or +1 (415) 839-6885.
We are an
We believe
Donate now
Make the internet a better place for free knowledge.
Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International license
Applicant Privacy Policy
Terms of use
“) describes our practices regarding the information that we collect in connection to your application for a job or internship with Wikimedia.
*Please note that for remote roles located outside of the U.S., we defer to our EOR (Employer of Record) to ensure alignment with local labor laws.
Time Off
Powered by WordPress.com VIP.
We engage in civil discourse.
Search for:
Pre-tax Savings Plans
Product & Technology
Equipment including a laptop, monitor, plus a one-time $600 stipend to cover any additional needs to make sure you have the best work from home experience.
MediaWiki
Wikispecies
Disclaimers
Communications
Wikipedia
For health care, child care, elder care, public transport, and parking expenses. Includes an employer funded HSA option.
Our Work
Privacy policy
The Wikimedia Foundation is looking for a Senior Site Reliability Engineer to join our team, reporting to the Sr. Engineering Manager. As the Site Reliability Engineer, you will play a key role in designing, developing, and maintaining reliable, scalable, and highly available infrastructure for our API services. You will contribute heavily to the high impact challenges behind innovating, building, and maintaining Wikipedia’s data feeds for high volume reusers.
Wiktionary
We provide $450 per quarter up to $1,800.00 a year for reimbursement for staff wellness expenses, such as gym fees, educational expenses, and more!
Careers
a world in which every single person can freely share in the sum of all knowledge. We believe knowledge belongs to everyone, and in order to empower people from diverse backgrounds to participate in the collaborative creation of knowledge, we need to build diverse teams that reflect the communities we support and an inclusive culture of belonging that embraces the potential of our diversity.
Navigate within this page.
LinkedIn
Support Wikipedia
Advocacy
As an engineer in the SRE team, you will be involved in defining and running the infrastructure and services that form the base of Wikimedia Foundation projects. This will include frequent work with other members of the SRE team to improve our infrastructure in terms of scalability, high availability, recoverability, monitoring and logging.
We are in this together.
Generous paid time off policy which includes: vacation days, holidays, sick leave, and volunteer days.
Cookie statement
Wikiquote
We strive for excellence.
Check back soon!
Twitter
equal opportunity employer
Wikivoyage
Work with us – Wikimedia Foundation
Wikisource
Equal Employment Opportunity Statement
401(k) retirement plan with matched contributions up to 4% of annual salary.
Wikimedia Commons
Toggle menu
Table of Contents
Talent and Culture
Search
Photo credits
) to hold ourselves accountable for our actions towards creating a more diverse and inclusive workplace. This practice helps us to make visible not only our progress, but also the areas where we know we should and will improve.
The Wikimedia Foundation, Inc is a nonprofit charitable organization dedicated to encouraging the growth, development and distribution of free, multilingual content, and to providing the full content of these wiki-based projects to the public free of charge.
Policy
Equipment Stipend
Wikinews
. As our Research Manager you will be leading a small, highly talented, and ambitious team of research scientists and research engineers to develop models and insights that support the technology and policy needs of the Wikimedia projects across more than 300 languages, and to advance our understanding of the Wikimedia projects.
Automattic Privacy Notice
Creative Director
Senior Site Reliability Engineer (Data Platforms SRE)
New Parent Leave
Wikiversity
We are inspired.
2019
Help us unlock the world’s knowledge.
Technology
2018
We offer reimbursement of conferences, college/university classes, online programs, and books related to work that supports the Wikimedia Foundation.
As an equal opportunity employer, the Wikimedia Foundation values having a diverse workforce and continuously strives to maintain an inclusive and equitable workplace. We encourage people with a diverse range of backgrounds to apply. We do not discriminate against any person based upon their race, traits historically associated with race, religion, color, national origin, sex, pregnancy or related medical conditions, parental status, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, genetic information, or any other legally protected characteristics.
The Wikimedia Foundation is seeking a Senior Site Reliability Engineer (Databases). Our objective is to make the sum of all human knowledge available to everyone, and we persist most of this knowledge in MariaDB. Our project sites are some of the most highly trafficked on the internet, with more page views per engineer than any other site.
As Creative Director, you are looking to join a team that is passionate about the power of brand, design and technology to change the world. This role will be responsible for collaborating on meaningful, idea-led work for a global movement and setting the creative vision for our programs. You will play a vital role in high visibility global projects critical to the future of Wikimedia.